Gurvir Dhillon
Bubble Sorter

Description:
My final project proposal is a sorting algorithm that sorts numbers and letters from lowest to highest.
It will take 1 string input from the user and sort all the characters they have input.
If there is punctuation in the string, the program will prompt the user to remove it before inputting again.
There will be 1 output string printed that has sorted the input string, putting numbers first then letters.
The program will also create an output.txt file that contains the sorted string.

I will take the input string and use bubble sort to sort through its ASCII values which will sort it numbers first, uppercase next, lowercase last.

Functions:

string_check
I will have one function that goes through the string and checks for anything that isn't a letter or number.
If there isn't any, the code will continue but if there is the program will prompt the user to remove the punctuation and close the program. It will also check to make sure that the max character limit of 19 characters is not exceeded.
It will print an error mesage if it is exceeded.
Inputs:
r0 - user inputted string
Outputs:
If there is punctuation in the string, an error message will be displayed and the program will close. Otherwise, there is no output.
If there are more than 19 characters (not including newline), it will print an error message.

bubble_sort
I will have another function that will take an input string and return a sorted version of it.
Inputs:
r0 - input string
Outputs:
r0 - sorted string

C Library Calls:
printf - display output
fopen - open output file
fputs - write to output file
fclose - close output file

Error conditions:
If the user inputs nothing or only 1 character, the program will prompt the user for a valid input.
If the user inputs a string containing punctuation/something containing not a letter or number, the program will ask the user to remove them and close.

Sample Output:

Please enter a string: 
321CBAcba
Sorted string: 123ABCabc

Output.txt file contents:
123ABCabc

Sample Output #2 (not enough characters error):

Please enter a string: 
1
Please enter two or more characters.
Please enter a string:

Sample Output #3 (punctuation error):

Please enter a string: 
;'.
Punctuation must be removed before inputting string.

Sample Output #4 (too many characters error):

Please enter a string:
12345678901234567890
Please enter only 19 characters or less.
